It's 44.
Han-na.
Han-na, do you hear me?
Mr. Lee? What's going on?
Did you get the proof?
Yes, I got it.
We found the delivery bike.
Damn it.
I filmed Tae-il
and the released hostages being taken.
-Give me a gun.
-Here, sir.
You son of a b****.
I went easy on you for old times' sake,
and you betrayed me?
Come on. What's wrong, sir?
What's this about?
Why are you with this bastard?
Are you working with him?
-What are you talking about?
-Hey!
-Take her too.
-Yes, sir.
What are you doing? Let go of me!
We found a bug in the camp.
-Let go!
-What are you waiting for? Get out.
Stay still.
-Get out!
-If you take me,
my company won't just sit still.
This is suppressing free speech!
Han-na must've been caught.
She's in danger because of you!
Sit.
Proof? What's the use of goddamn proof?
You know that they'll kill us all
nine days later.
You know they will.
Shut up.
The party guaranteed the safe return
to the North of all three of us.
Do you still not get it?
Are you that stupid?
Right. I heard
you told Yeong-ro you'll leave
nine days later.
She asked why nine days later,
so I told her all this is
a scheme for the election.
That her dad might kill all the hostages.
-You told her?
-What?
You feel bad for her?
On top of her brother's death,
she found out that her dad might kill
all her friends. She must be going crazy.
She was already blaming herself for this.
She must just want to die.
You bastard.
It's hard, isn't it?
I'm sure it's hard for you too.
Because you love Yeong-ro.
Shut up.
You think I'm a turncoat?
Does loving the girl who saved you
make you a turncoat?
Your party traded
their loyal agents for money.
What about them?
You're the ANSP team leader.
The ANSP frames and kills those who
fight against the tyranny of the regime.
You're the regime's hounds
that trample on innocent people's lives
to make the security state.
That's what the ANSP is.
And you're their agent.
You have no right to blame me.
In the end, they're all the same.
On the pretext of repatriation,
the North deceived
countless Korean-Japanese
and trampled on their lives.
The South made the security state.
Lim Soo-ho.
You must wake up now.